random magic value using modified cmd/link alternative (#628)
burrowers/garble: README.md

   ```

* Go plugins are not currently supported; see [#87](https://github.com/burrowers/garble/issues/87).

> * Currently, Garble depends on `git` for applying non-strict patches. After adding support for non-strict patches to go-gitdiff (see [#30](https://github.com/bluekeyes/go-gitdiff/issues/30)) or alternative libraries, `git` dependency will be removed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Garble requires `git` to patch the linker. That can be avoided once go-gitdiff supports
  [non-strict patches](https://github.com/bluekeyes/go-gitdiff/issues/30).
```
